Refactor docs to use new Load interface (#4080)
mlpack/mlpack: doc/user/methods/random_forest.md

// Now load categorical test data.
arma::mat testDataset;
// See https://datasets.mlpack.org/covertype.test.arff.

> mlpack::Load("covertype.test.arff", testDataset, opts);

Author: will do,

```c++
mlpack::RandomForest rf;

> // This call assumes a random forest called "rf" has already been saved to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// This call assumes a random forest has already been saved to `rf.bin` with
```
